a classroom is a room. the classroom is lighted. 
the description of the classroom is "the classroom is a actually a informatic classroom. There are multiple macpro attached to the desk. there is also a black board".
a hallway is a room. 
the description of the hallway is "the hallway is pretty dark but since the light in the informatic room is on you can see  a little bit of the place. You can see the door of the lift and the door of the toilet, but the rest of the university is in the dark".
the classroom door is a door. the classroom door is east  of the classroom and west of the hallway. 

a toilet is a room. the toilet is lighted. 
the description of the toilet is "The toilet looks clean".
the toilet door is a door. the toilet door is north of the hallway and south of the toilet. 

a university is a room. the university is dark. the university is east of the hallway.
Instead of going to the university  : say "You look at the rest of the university and You feel incredibly terrified by the darkness of the place. All your instinct scream at you not to go there".

a lift 5 is a room. the lift 5 is lighted. 
the description of the lift 5 is " you hear a message : welcome to the fifth floor".
a lift 5 door is a door. the lift 5 door is south of the hallway and north of the lift. 
a lift 5 is up from the lift 4.

a lift 4 is a room. 
the description of the lift 4 is " you hear a message : welcome to the fourth floor".
a floor 4 is a room. the floor 4 is dark.
a floor 4 door is a door. the floor 4 door is north of the the lift 4 and south of the floor 4. the floor 4 door is unopenable.
Instead of opening the floor 4 door  : say "It seems like the door doesn't open".
the lift 4 is up from the lift 3.

a lift 3 is a room.
the description of the lift 3 is " you hear a message : welcome to the third floor".
a floor 3 is a room. the floor 3 is dark.
a floor 3 door is a door. the floor door 3 is north of the the lift 3 and south of the floor 3. the floor 3 door is unopenable. 
Instead of opening the floor 3 door  : say "It seems like the door doesn't open".
the lift 3 is up from the lift 2

a lift 2 is a room. 
the description of the lift 2 is " you hear a message : welcome to the second floor".
a floor 2 is a room. the floor 2 is dark.
a floor 2 door is a door. the floor door 2 is north of the the lift 2 and south of the floor 2. the floor 2 door is unopenable.
Instead of opening the floor 2 door  : say "It seems like the door doesn't open".
the lift 2 is up from the  lift 1

a lift 1 is a room. 
the description of the lift 1 is " you hear a message : welcome to the first floor".
a floor 1 is a room. 
a floor 1 door is a door. the floor door 1 is north of the the lift 1 and south of the floor 1.
